DEVELOPERS.md, before:

# Development Setup

## Prerequisites

Make sure you have all the prerequisite tools installed:

-   [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download/) 10.13.0 or later.
    -   If installing for the first time, it is reccommended that you install it via Node Version Manager. ([Mac][nvm-mac], [Windows][nvm-windows])
    -   Once NVM is installed, you can install the correct version of Node by running `nvm install 10.13.0` in your favorite terminal.
-   Docker ([Mac][docker-for-mac], [Windows][docker-for-windows])
    -   Used to make development with MongoDB easy.
    -   Once installed, make sure the `./docker/services/data` directory is shared with docker:
        -   On Mac you can get to this via:
            -   Docker Menu (On top bar) -> Preferences... -> File Sharing and add the `./docker/services/data/db` directory.
        -   On Windows:
            -   After running the command in step 4, docker will ask if you want to share the drive with it.

## First Time Setup

1. Clone the repository.
    - `git clone https://github.com/casual-simulation/aux.git`
2. Make sure Lerna is installed.
    - `npm install -g lerna`
3. Bootstrap the project.
    - `npm run bootstrap`
4. Start related services:
    1. `docker-compose -f docker/docker-compose.dev.yml up -d`
5. (Optional) Add `player.localhost` to your [hosts file][hosts-file].
    - You can use this domain to prevent the service worker from installing.
    - Follow these steps:
        1. Open the hosts file as Sudo/Admin.
            - On Max/Linux it's at `/etc/hosts`
            - On Windows it's at `C:\Windows\System32\drivers\etc\hosts`
        2. Add entries to route `player.localhost` to `127.0.0.1`:
            ```
            127.0.0.1 player.localhost
            ```

## Commands

When developing there are a couple of key commands you can run.
Most of them are NPM scripts, so they're easy to run.

-   Build & Run in Watch Mode
    -   `npm run watch`
    -   This will trigger webpack to start in watch mode and run nodemon.
    -   When ready, the server will be available at http://localhost:3000.
-   Build in Production Mode
    -   `npm run build`
    -   This will trigger Webpack in production mode.
    -   The output files will be in the `dist` folders of each project.
-   Run tests In Watch Mode
    -   `npm run test:watch`
-   Run tests
    -   `npm test`

You can find other scripts in the `package.json` file at the root of the repository.

## Deployment Process

Making new releases for AUX is pretty simple. All that needs to happen is for the `master` branch to be updated and pushed to Github. From there a webhook is sent to the CI server which instructs it to make a new build and push it to production.

The version number shown in the app is taken from the most recent git tag. We additionally package the git commit hash just in case `master` is pushed multiple times without updating the git tag.

Additionally, the CI server will publish the `aux-common` NPM package whenever the version number in its `package.json` is updated.

**To make a new release, use this process:**

1. Make sure everything you want to release is ready and merged into `develop`.
2. Update the [CHANGELOG.md](./CHANGELOG.md) file with the next version number, date, and changes that were made since the last version.
3. Commit the updated CHANGELOG to the `develop` branch.
4. Merge the `develop` branch into the `master` branch.
    - Don't use [fast-forward](https://ariya.io/2013/09/fast-forward-git-merge). (`--no-ff`)
    - Don't push yet.
5. Run `lerna version`.
    - This will look at the changes made and prompt you for the next version number.
    - In most cases all you need to do is select **patch**.
    - After confirmation lerna will update the `package.json` version numbers, add a git tag, and push the branch.
6. You're done.
    - GitHub will send a webhook to the CI server which will make a build and publish everything.

## Tools we use

Here's a list of the tools and packages that we're using to build AUX.

-   Dev tools
    -   [TypeScript](https://github.com/Microsoft/TypeScript) for type checking.
    -   [Webpack](https://webpack.js.org/) for bundling assets.
        -   [webpack-merge](https://github.com/survivejs/webpack-merge) for dev/production configs.
        -   Loaders
            -   [ts-loader](https://github.com/TypeStrong/ts-loader) for TypeScript integration.
            -   [vue-loader](https://github.com/vuejs/vue-loader) for Vue.js integration.
            -   [vue-svg-loader](https://github.com/visualfanatic/vue-svg-loader) for loading SVG files as Vue components.
            -   [css-loader](https://github.com/webpack-contrib/css-loader) for loading CSS in .vue files.
            -   [file-loader](https://github.com/webpack-contrib/file-loader) for loading arbitary files.
            -   [babel-loader](https://github.com/babel/babel-loader) for transpiling ES6 features to ES5. (some of our dependencies are ES6 only)
            -   [source-map-loader](https://github.com/webpack-contrib/source-map-loader) for loading sourcemaps from pre-compiled JS.
        -   Plugins
            -   [offline-plugin](https://github.com/NekR/offline-plugin) for service worker support.
            -   [html-webpack-plugin](https://github.com/jantimon/html-webpack-plugin) for generating index.html files.
            -   [terser-webpack-plugin](https://github.com/webpack-contrib/terser-webpack-plugin) for minifying JS.
            -   [clean-webpack-plugin](https://github.com/johnagan/clean-webpack-plugin) for clean builds.
            -   [mini-css-extract-plugin](https://github.com/webpack-contrib/mini-css-extract-plugin) for splitting CSS into its own bundle.
            -   [optimize-css-assets-webpack-plugin](https://github.com/NMFR/optimize-css-assets-webpack-plugin) for minifying CSS.
    -   [Lerna](https://github.com/lerna/lerna) for managing multiple NPM packages.
    -   [Gulp](https://gulpjs.com/) for minor tasks that Webpack doesn't handle.
    -   [Jest](https://jestjs.io/) for testing.
        -   [ts-jest](https://kulshekhar.github.io/ts-jest/) for using TypeScript.
    -   [concurrently](https://github.com/kimmobrunfeldt/concurrently) for running multiple things at a time.
    -   [nodemon](https://nodemon.io/) for running node in watch mode.
    -   [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/) for file editing and debugging.
    -   [TypeDoc](https://typedoc.org/) for API documentation generation.
    -   [Husky](https://github.com/typicode/husky) for pre-commit hooks.
-   Dependencies
    -   AUX Common
        -   [acorn](https://github.com/acornjs/acorn) for parsing AUX formulas.
        -   [astring](https://github.com/davidbonnet/astring) for generating JS from acorn trees.
        -   [estraverse](https://github.com/estools/estraverse) for traversing the acorn trees and transforming them.
        -   [lodash](https://lodash.com/) for easy array/object manipulation.
        -   [lru-cache](https://github.com/isaacs/node-lru-cache) for caching formula transpilation results.
        -   [rxjs](https://github.com/ReactiveX/rxjs) for reactive programming.
        -   [uuid](https://github.com/kelektiv/node-uuid) for generating UUIDs.
        -   [base64-js](https://github.com/beatgammit/base64-js) for base64 encoding/decoding of binary data.
        -   [sha.js](https://github.com/crypto-browserify/sha.js/tree/master) for SHA hashing.
        -   [fast-json-stable-stringify](https://github.com/epoberezkin/fast-json-stable-stringify) for deterministic JSON serialization. (for hashing)
    -   AUX Server
        -   [vue](https://github.com/vuejs/vue) for JS <--> HTML UI binding.
            -   [vue-material](https://github.com/vuematerial/vue-material) for Material components.
            -   [vue-color](https://github.com/xiaokaike/vue-color) for color pickers.
            -   [@chenfengyuan/vue-qrcode](https://fengyuanchen.github.io/vue-qrcode/) for rendering QR Codes.
            -   [vue-router](https://github.com/vuejs/vue-router) for SPA routing.
            -   [vue-property-decorator](https://github.com/kaorun343/vue-property-decorator) for property decorators on Vue classes.
            -   [vue-class-component](https://github.com/vuejs/vue-class-component) for class decorators on Vue classes.
            -   [vue-shortkey](https://github.com/iFgR/vue-shortkey) for keyboard shortcuts.
        -   [three](https://threejs.org/) for 3D WebGL rendering.
            -   [three-bmfont-text](https://github.com/Jam3/three-bmfont-text) for 3D text rendering.
        -   [express](http://expressjs.com/) for the HTTP server.
        -   [es6-promise](https://github.com/stefanpenner/es6-promise) for ES6-style promises.
        -   [socket.io](https://github.com/socketio/socket.io) for WebSocket based realtime communication.
        -   [filepond](https://github.com/pqina/filepond) for file uploads.
            -   [vue-filepond](https://github.com/pqina/vue-filepond) for Vue.js integration.
        -   [downloadjs](https://github.com/rndme/download) for file downloads.
        -   [@sentry/browser](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-javascript/tree/master/packages/browser) for error reporting.
        -   [mongodb](https://github.com/mongodb/node-mongodb-native) for MongoDB connections.
        -   [Dexie.js](https://dexie.org/) for IndexedDB storage.

If you're using Visual Studio Code, I recommend getting the Jest extension. It makes it real easy to debug unit tests.

[docker-for-mac]: https://docs.docker.com/v17.12/docker-for-mac/install/
[docker-for-windows]: https://docs.docker.com/docker-for-windows/install/
[nvm-mac]: https://github.com/creationix/nvm
[nvm-windows]: https://github.com/coreybutler/nvm-windows
[hosts-file]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hosts_(file)

Commit message:

chore: Add a note about cloning the repository in Windows

DEVELOPERS.md, after:

# Development Setup

## Prerequisites

Make sure you have all the prerequisite tools installed:

-   [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download/) 10.13.0 or later.
    -   If installing for the first time, it is reccommended that you install it via Node Version Manager. ([Mac][nvm-mac], [Windows][nvm-windows])
    -   Once NVM is installed, you can install the correct version of Node by running `nvm install 10.13.0` in your favorite terminal.
-   Docker ([Mac][docker-for-mac], [Windows][docker-for-windows])
    -   Used to make development with MongoDB easy.
    -   Once installed, make sure the `./docker/services/data` directory is shared with docker:
        -   On Mac you can get to this via:
            -   Docker Menu (On top bar) -> Preferences... -> File Sharing and add the `./docker/services/data/db` directory.
        -   On Windows:
            -   After running the command in step 4, docker will ask if you want to share the drive with it.

## First Time Setup

1. Clone the repository.
    - `git clone https://github.com/casual-simulation/aux.git`
    - On Windows you should clone to a custom folder since `aux` is a reserved file/folder name.
        - e.g. `git clone https://github.com/casual-simulation/aux.git cs-aux`
2. Make sure Lerna is installed.
    - `npm install -g lerna`
3. Bootstrap the project.
    - `npm run bootstrap`
4. Start related services:
    1. `docker-compose -f docker/docker-compose.dev.yml up -d`
5. (Optional) Add `player.localhost` to your [hosts file][hosts-file].
    - You can use this domain to prevent the service worker from installing.
    - Follow these steps:
        1. Open the hosts file as Sudo/Admin.
            - On Max/Linux it's at `/etc/hosts`
            - On Windows it's at `C:\Windows\System32\drivers\etc\hosts`
        2. Add entries to route `player.localhost` to `127.0.0.1`:
            ```
            127.0.0.1 player.localhost
            ```

## Commands

When developing there are a couple of key commands you can run.
Most of them are NPM scripts, so they're easy to run.

-   Build & Run in Watch Mode
    -   `npm run watch`
    -   This will trigger webpack to start in watch mode and run nodemon.
    -   When ready, the server will be available at http://localhost:3000.
-   Build in Production Mode
    -   `npm run build`
    -   This will trigger Webpack in production mode.
    -   The output files will be in the `dist` folders of each project.
-   Run tests In Watch Mode
    -   `npm run test:watch`
-   Run tests
    -   `npm test`

You can find other scripts in the `package.json` file at the root of the repository.

## Deployment Process

Making new releases for AUX is pretty simple. All that needs to happen is for the `master` branch to be updated and pushed to Github. From there a webhook is sent to the CI server which instructs it to make a new build and push it to production.

The version number shown in the app is taken from the most recent git tag. We additionally package the git commit hash just in case `master` is pushed multiple times without updating the git tag.

Additionally, the CI server will publish the `aux-common` NPM package whenever the version number in its `package.json` is updated.

**To make a new release, use this process:**

1. Make sure everything you want to release is ready and merged into `develop`.
2. Update the [CHANGELOG.md](./CHANGELOG.md) file with the next version number, date, and changes that were made since the last version.
3. Commit the updated CHANGELOG to the `develop` branch.
4. Merge the `develop` branch into the `master` branch.
    - Don't use [fast-forward](https://ariya.io/2013/09/fast-forward-git-merge). (`--no-ff`)
    - Don't push yet.
5. Run `lerna version`.
    - This will look at the changes made and prompt you for the next version number.
    - In most cases all you need to do is select **patch**.
    - After confirmation lerna will update the `package.json` version numbers, add a git tag, and push the branch.
6. You're done.
    - GitHub will send a webhook to the CI server which will make a build and publish everything.

## Tools we use

Here's a list of the tools and packages that we're using to build AUX.

-   Dev tools
    -   [TypeScript](https://github.com/Microsoft/TypeScript) for type checking.
    -   [Webpack](https://webpack.js.org/) for bundling assets.
        -   [webpack-merge](https://github.com/survivejs/webpack-merge) for dev/production configs.
        -   Loaders
            -   [ts-loader](https://github.com/TypeStrong/ts-loader) for TypeScript integration.
            -   [vue-loader](https://github.com/vuejs/vue-loader) for Vue.js integration.
            -   [vue-svg-loader](https://github.com/visualfanatic/vue-svg-loader) for loading SVG files as Vue components.
            -   [css-loader](https://github.com/webpack-contrib/css-loader) for loading CSS in .vue files.
            -   [file-loader](https://github.com/webpack-contrib/file-loader) for loading arbitary files.
            -   [babel-loader](https://github.com/babel/babel-loader) for transpiling ES6 features to ES5. (some of our dependencies are ES6 only)
            -   [source-map-loader](https://github.com/webpack-contrib/source-map-loader) for loading sourcemaps from pre-compiled JS.
        -   Plugins
            -   [offline-plugin](https://github.com/NekR/offline-plugin) for service worker support.
            -   [html-webpack-plugin](https://github.com/jantimon/html-webpack-plugin) for generating index.html files.
            -   [terser-webpack-plugin](https://github.com/webpack-contrib/terser-webpack-plugin) for minifying JS.
            -   [clean-webpack-plugin](https://github.com/johnagan/clean-webpack-plugin) for clean builds.
            -   [mini-css-extract-plugin](https://github.com/webpack-contrib/mini-css-extract-plugin) for splitting CSS into its own bundle.
            -   [optimize-css-assets-webpack-plugin](https://github.com/NMFR/optimize-css-assets-webpack-plugin) for minifying CSS.
    -   [Lerna](https://github.com/lerna/lerna) for managing multiple NPM packages.
    -   [Gulp](https://gulpjs.com/) for minor tasks that Webpack doesn't handle.
    -   [Jest](https://jestjs.io/) for testing.
        -   [ts-jest](https://kulshekhar.github.io/ts-jest/) for using TypeScript.
    -   [concurrently](https://github.com/kimmobrunfeldt/concurrently) for running multiple things at a time.
    -   [nodemon](https://nodemon.io/) for running node in watch mode.
    -   [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/) for file editing and debugging.
    -   [TypeDoc](https://typedoc.org/) for API documentation generation.
    -   [Husky](https://github.com/typicode/husky) for pre-commit hooks.
-   Dependencies
    -   AUX Common
        -   [acorn](https://github.com/acornjs/acorn) for parsing AUX formulas.
        -   [astring](https://github.com/davidbonnet/astring) for generating JS from acorn trees.
        -   [estraverse](https://github.com/estools/estraverse) for traversing the acorn trees and transforming them.
        -   [lodash](https://lodash.com/) for easy array/object manipulation.
        -   [lru-cache](https://github.com/isaacs/node-lru-cache) for caching formula transpilation results.
        -   [rxjs](https://github.com/ReactiveX/rxjs) for reactive programming.
        -   [uuid](https://github.com/kelektiv/node-uuid) for generating UUIDs.
        -   [base64-js](https://github.com/beatgammit/base64-js) for base64 encoding/decoding of binary data.
        -   [sha.js](https://github.com/crypto-browserify/sha.js/tree/master) for SHA hashing.
        -   [fast-json-stable-stringify](https://github.com/epoberezkin/fast-json-stable-stringify) for deterministic JSON serialization. (for hashing)
    -   AUX Server
        -   [vue](https://github.com/vuejs/vue) for JS <--> HTML UI binding.
            -   [vue-material](https://github.com/vuematerial/vue-material) for Material components.
            -   [vue-color](https://github.com/xiaokaike/vue-color) for color pickers.
            -   [@chenfengyuan/vue-qrcode](https://fengyuanchen.github.io/vue-qrcode/) for rendering QR Codes.
            -   [vue-router](https://github.com/vuejs/vue-router) for SPA routing.
            -   [vue-property-decorator](https://github.com/kaorun343/vue-property-decorator) for property decorators on Vue classes.
            -   [vue-class-component](https://github.com/vuejs/vue-class-component) for class decorators on Vue classes.
            -   [vue-shortkey](https://github.com/iFgR/vue-shortkey) for keyboard shortcuts.
        -   [three](https://threejs.org/) for 3D WebGL rendering.
            -   [three-bmfont-text](https://github.com/Jam3/three-bmfont-text) for 3D text rendering.
        -   [express](http://expressjs.com/) for the HTTP server.
        -   [es6-promise](https://github.com/stefanpenner/es6-promise) for ES6-style promises.
        -   [socket.io](https://github.com/socketio/socket.io) for WebSocket based realtime communication.
        -   [filepond](https://github.com/pqina/filepond) for file uploads.
            -   [vue-filepond](https://github.com/pqina/vue-filepond) for Vue.js integration.
        -   [downloadjs](https://github.com/rndme/download) for file downloads.
        -   [@sentry/browser](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-javascript/tree/master/packages/browser) for error reporting.
        -   [mongodb](https://github.com/mongodb/node-mongodb-native) for MongoDB connections.
        -   [Dexie.js](https://dexie.org/) for IndexedDB storage.

If you're using Visual Studio Code, I recommend getting the Jest extension. It makes it real easy to debug unit tests.

[docker-for-mac]: https://docs.docker.com/v17.12/docker-for-mac/install/
[docker-for-windows]: https://docs.docker.com/docker-for-windows/install/
[nvm-mac]: https://github.com/creationix/nvm
[nvm-windows]: https://github.com/coreybutler/nvm-windows
[hosts-file]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hosts_(file)
