README.md, before:

<div align="center">
    <img alt="Casual Simulation Logo" src="./.github/images/oslogo_egg_white_cropped_720x720.png" width="180"/>
    <br/>
    <br/>
    <a href="https://github.com/casual-simulation/casualos/releases">
        <img alt="Latest Release" src="https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/casual-simulation/aux">
    </a>
    <a href="https://github.com/casual-simulation/casualos/issues">
        <img alt="GitHub Issues" src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues/casual-simulation/aux.svg">
    </a>
    <a href="https://github.com/casual-simulation/casualos/blob/develop/LICENSE.txt">
        <img alt="MIT License" src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/casual-simulation/aux.svg">
    </a>
    <a href="https://github.com/casual-simulation/casualos/actions">
        <img alt="Build Status" src="https://img.shields.io/endpoint.svg?url=https%3A%2F%2Factions-badge.atrox.dev%2Fcasual-simulation%2Faux%2Fbadge%3Fref%3Ddevelop&style=flat" />
    </a>
    <h1>CasualOS</h1>
    <p>
        CasualOS is a set of web-based tools designed to facilitate the creation of real-time, multi-user, context-aware interactive experiences.
    </p>
    <p>
        This repository is a monorepo that contains the code which makes the CasualOS web platform work.
    </p>
</div>

## Table of Contents

-   [Documentation](#documentation)
-   [Demo](#demo)
-   [Developing](#developing)
-   [License](#license)

## Documentation

The user documentation for CasualOS can be found at https://docs.casualos.com.

## Demo

You can try out CasualOS at https://casualos.com.

## Developing

See [DEVELOPERS.md](./DEVELOPERS.md) for development environment setup instructions.

## License

```
MIT License

Copyright (c) 2019-2020 Casual Simulation, Inc.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
```

Commit message:

feat: Add a link to gitpod to the README and DEVELOPERS.md

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
    <img alt="Casual Simulation Logo" src="./.github/images/oslogo_egg_white_cropped_720x720.png" width="180"/>
    <br/>
    <br/>
    <a href="https://github.com/casual-simulation/casualos/releases">
        <img alt="Latest Release" src="https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/casual-simulation/aux">
    </a>
    <a href="https://github.com/casual-simulation/casualos/issues">
        <img alt="GitHub Issues" src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues/casual-simulation/aux.svg">
    </a>
    <a href="https://github.com/casual-simulation/casualos/blob/develop/LICENSE.txt">
        <img alt="MIT License" src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/casual-simulation/aux.svg">
    </a>
    <a href="https://github.com/casual-simulation/casualos/actions">
        <img alt="Build Status" src="https://img.shields.io/endpoint.svg?url=https%3A%2F%2Factions-badge.atrox.dev%2Fcasual-simulation%2Faux%2Fbadge%3Fref%3Ddevelop&style=flat" />
    </a>
    <h1>CasualOS</h1>
    <p>
        CasualOS is a set of web-based tools designed to facilitate the creation of real-time, multi-user, context-aware interactive experiences.
    </p>
    <p>
        This repository is a monorepo that contains the code which makes the CasualOS web platform work.
    </p>
</div>

## Table of Contents

-   [Documentation](#documentation)
-   [Demo](#demo)
-   [Developing](#developing)
-   [License](#license)

## Documentation

The user documentation for CasualOS can be found at https://docs.casualos.com.

## Demo

You can try out CasualOS at https://casualos.com.

## Developing

[Open this repository in Gitpod.io](https://gitpod.io/#https://github.com/casual-simulation/casualos) to get started immediately.

Alternatively, see [DEVELOPERS.md](./DEVELOPERS.md) for development environment setup instructions.

## License

```
MIT License

Copyright (c) 2019-2020 Casual Simulation, Inc.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
```
