docs/docs/listen-tags/variables.mdx, before:

---
id: variables
title: Listen Tag Variables
sidebar_label: Helper Variables
description: Learn about variables in CasualOS
---

<!-- All these components are duplicated because importing them  -->
<!-- breaks the build for some reason -->
import useBaseUrl from '@docusaurus/useBaseUrl';

export const Alert = ({type, children}) => (
    <div className={`alert alert--${type}`} role='alert'>
        {children}
    </div>
);

export const NormalCode = ({children}) => (
  React.createElement('code', {}, ...children)
);

export const ActionLink = ({action, children}) => (
  <a href={useBaseUrl('docs/actions') + '#' + action.replace(/[\.\(\)\,\?]/g, '').replace(/\s/g, '-').toLowerCase()}>
  {children ? children : (
      <NormalCode>{action}</NormalCode>
  )}
  </a>
);

export const DataTagLink = ({tag}) => (
  <a href={useBaseUrl('docs/tags') + '#' + tag.replace(/\./g, '').toLowerCase()}>
    <NormalCode>#{tag}</NormalCode>
  </a>
);

export const ListenTagLink = ({tag}) => (
  <a href={useBaseUrl('docs/listen-tags/tags') + '#' + tag.replace(/[\.\(\)\@\[\]]/g, '').toLowerCase()}>
    <NormalCode>{tag}</NormalCode>
  </a>
);

export const TagLink = ({tag}) => tag.startsWith('@') ? 
  (<ListenTagLink tag={tag}/>) : 
  (<DataTagLink tag={tag}/>);

CasualOS defines some variables for each listen tag that you create.
Unlike [actions](./actions.mdx), variables exist to make it easy to access common data.

### `thisBot`

The bot that the listen tag is defined in.
This makes it easy to edit and read tag data in the bot that the listen tag was created in.

**Also known as**: `bot`, `this`.

<Alert type='warning'>
    Be careful when using the <NormalCode>this</NormalCode> variable/keyword.
    Due to the nature of JavaScript, it has a lot of extra behavior which may catch newcomers by surprise.
    If reading <a target="_blank" href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/this">this article</a> looks daunting,
    then choose to use either <NormalCode>bot</NormalCode> or <NormalCode>thisBot</NormalCode>.
</Alert>

#### Examples:

1. Set the current bot's color to "green".
```typescript
thisBot.tags.color = "green";
```

2. Whisper to the "myShout" tag on this bot.
```typescript
whisper(thisBot, "myShout");
```

### `that`

The data which was included in a shout or whisper. It is also known as an "argument".
It can be any [kind of JavaScript data](https://javascript.info/types).
This includes strings, numbers, booleans, objects (Bots, arrays, etc.) and more.

Most listen tags specify what kind of data `that` is.
Usually it is an object that contains properties which describe the action in further detail.

#### Examples:

1. The <TagLink tag='@onAnyBotClicked'/> listen tag specifies the bot which was clicked.
You could set the clicked bot's color to "green" using a tag mask.
```typescript
that.bot.masks.color = "green";
```

2. The <TagLink tag='@onBarcodeScanned'/> listen tag only specifies the barcode string which was scanned.
You could toast it like this:
```typescript
os.toast(that);
```

3. You can include your own `that` variable when you shout or whisper to other bots.

First you have to have a script which sends the shout and argument.
```typescript
// In a normal listener like @onClick
const myThatObject = {
    message: "This is a custom message which I am including in the shout"
};
shout("myShout", myThatObject);
```

Second you have to have a listener for your shout.
```typescript
// Put this in @myShout
os.toast(that.message);
```

### `tagName`

The name of the tag that this listener is defined in.
This can be useful when you want to copy a listener between different tags
but still want to be able to tell which is which.

#### Examples:

1. Toast the current tag name.
```typescript
os.toast('Current tag ' + tagName);
```

### `tags`

The tags object of [`thisBot`](#thisBot).
Essentially a shortcut for `thisBot.tags`.

#### Examples: 

1. Set the current bot's color to "green".
```typescript
tags.color = "green";
```

2. Delete the `myNumber` tag.
```typescript
delete tags.myNumber;
```

3. Get a tag by a variable name.
```typescript
tags.myTag = '123';
let tagToGet = 'myTag';
let myTagValue = tags[tagToGet];

// toasts "Type is number"
os.toast("Type is " + typeof myTagValue);
```

### `raw`

The "raw tags" object of [`thisBot`](#thisBot).
Essentially a shortcut for `thisBot.raw`.

Whereas the tags variable will convert strings to numerical or boolean values,
the raw variable provides the exact value that was stored.
This can be useful for copying because you can ensure that everything will be what it was originally.

1. Set the current bot's color to "green".
```typescript
raw.color = "green";
```

2. Delete the `myNumber` tag.
```typescript
delete raw.myNumber;
```

3. Get a tag by a variable name.
```typescript
tags.myTag = '123';
let tagToGet = 'myTag';
let myTagValue = raw[tagToGet];

// toasts "Type is string"
os.toast("Type is " + typeof myTagValue);
```

### `creatorBot`

The bot that is set as the <TagLink tag='creator'/> of [`thisBot`](#thisBot).
Essentially a shortcut for `getBot('creator', tags.creator)`.

If there is no creator then `creatorBot` will be null.

#### Examples:

1. Check if `thisBot` has a creator.
```typescript
const hasCreator = !!creatorBot;
```

2. Whisper to the creator bot.
```typescript
whisper(creatorBot, 'myWhisper');
```

### `configBot`

The bot that configures the current browsing session.
This used to be called the "player bot" but was renamed to `configBot` to better indicate what it is used for.

You can find the list of tags that CasualOS uses for the configBot [here](./tags.mdx#config-bot-tags).

#### Examples:

1. Set the `sheetPortal` to "home".
```typescript
configBot.tags.sheetPortal = "home";
```

2. Set the `botPortal` to "myDimension".
```typescript
configBot.tags.botPortal = "myDimension";
```

### `botPortalBot`

The bot that is used to configure the <TagLink tag='botPortal'>bot portal</TagLink>.
By default this is a `tempLocal` bot that is generated automatically.

Supports the following tags:

- <TagLink tag='portalColor'/>
- <TagLink tag='portalLocked'/>
- <TagLink tag='portalPannable'/>
- <TagLink tag='portalPannableMinX'/>
- <TagLink tag='portalPannableMaxX'/>
- <TagLink tag='portalPannableMinY'/>
- <TagLink tag='portalPannableMaxY'/>
- <TagLink tag='portalRotatable'/>
- <TagLink tag='portalCameraRotationX'/>
- <TagLink tag='portalCameraRotationY'/>
- <TagLink tag='portalZoomable'/>
- <TagLink tag='portalGridScale'/>
- <TagLink tag='portalSurfaceScale'/>
- <TagLink tag='portalShowFocusPoint'/>
- <TagLink tag='portalDisableCanvasTransparency'/>

#### Examples:

1. Set the bot portal color to "blue".
```typescript
botPortalBot.tags.portalColor = "blue";
```

### `sheetPortalBot`

The bot that should be used to configure the <TagLink tag='sheetPortal'>sheet portal</TagLink>.

### `miniPortalBot`

The bot that should be used to configure the <TagLink tag='miniPortal'>mini portal</TagLink>.

Supports the following tags:

- <TagLink tag='portalColor'/>
- <TagLink tag='portalLocked'/>
- <TagLink tag='portalPannable'/>
- <TagLink tag='portalPannableMinX'/>
- <TagLink tag='portalPannableMaxX'/>
- <TagLink tag='portalPannableMinY'/>
- <TagLink tag='portalPannableMaxY'/>
- <TagLink tag='portalRotatable'/>
- <TagLink tag='portalCameraRotationX'/>
- <TagLink tag='portalCameraRotationY'/>
- <TagLink tag='portalZoomable'/>
- <TagLink tag='portalGridScale'/>
- <TagLink tag='portalSurfaceScale'/>
- <TagLink tag='miniPortalHeight'/>
- <TagLink tag='miniPortalResizable'/>

### `mapPortalBot`

The bot that should be used to configure the <TagLink tag='mapPortal'>map portal</TagLink>.

Supports the following tags:

- <TagLink tag='mapPortalBasemap'/>

### `menuPortalBot`

The bot that should be used to configure the <TagLink tag='menuPortal'>menu portal</TagLink>.

Supports the following tags:

- <TagLink tag='menuPortalStyle'/>

### `leftWristPortalBot`

The bot that should be used to configure the <TagLink tag='leftWristPortal'>left wrist portal</TagLink>.

Supports the following tags:

- <TagLink tag='portalGridScale'/>
- <TagLink tag='portalSurfaceScale'/>
- <TagLink tag='wristPortalHeight'/>
- <TagLink tag='wristPortalWidth'/>

### `rightWristPortalBot`

The bot that should be used to configure the <TagLink tag='rightWristPortal'>right wrist portal</TagLink>.

Supports the following tags:

- <TagLink tag='portalGridScale'/>
- <TagLink tag='portalSurfaceScale'/>
- <TagLink tag='wristPortalHeight'/>
- <TagLink tag='wristPortalWidth'/>

### `meetPortalBot`

The bot that should be used to configure the <TagLink tag='meetPortal'>meet portal</TagLink>.

Supports the following tags:

- <TagLink tag='meetPortalVisible'/>
- <TagLink tag='meetPortalAnchorPoint'/>
- <TagLink tag='meetPortalStyle'/>

Commit message:

refactor: Rename bot portal to grid portal

docs/docs/listen-tags/variables.mdx, after:

---
id: variables
title: Listen Tag Variables
sidebar_label: Helper Variables
description: Learn about variables in CasualOS
---

<!-- All these components are duplicated because importing them  -->
<!-- breaks the build for some reason -->
import useBaseUrl from '@docusaurus/useBaseUrl';

export const Alert = ({type, children}) => (
    <div className={`alert alert--${type}`} role='alert'>
        {children}
    </div>
);

export const NormalCode = ({children}) => (
  React.createElement('code', {}, ...children)
);

export const ActionLink = ({action, children}) => (
  <a href={useBaseUrl('docs/actions') + '#' + action.replace(/[\.\(\)\,\?]/g, '').replace(/\s/g, '-').toLowerCase()}>
  {children ? children : (
      <NormalCode>{action}</NormalCode>
  )}
  </a>
);

export const DataTagLink = ({tag}) => (
  <a href={useBaseUrl('docs/tags') + '#' + tag.replace(/\./g, '').toLowerCase()}>
    <NormalCode>#{tag}</NormalCode>
  </a>
);

export const ListenTagLink = ({tag}) => (
  <a href={useBaseUrl('docs/listen-tags/tags') + '#' + tag.replace(/[\.\(\)\@\[\]]/g, '').toLowerCase()}>
    <NormalCode>{tag}</NormalCode>
  </a>
);

export const TagLink = ({tag}) => tag.startsWith('@') ? 
  (<ListenTagLink tag={tag}/>) : 
  (<DataTagLink tag={tag}/>);

CasualOS defines some variables for each listen tag that you create.
Unlike [actions](./actions.mdx), variables exist to make it easy to access common data.

### `thisBot`

The bot that the listen tag is defined in.
This makes it easy to edit and read tag data in the bot that the listen tag was created in.

**Also known as**: `bot`, `this`.

<Alert type='warning'>
    Be careful when using the <NormalCode>this</NormalCode> variable/keyword.
    Due to the nature of JavaScript, it has a lot of extra behavior which may catch newcomers by surprise.
    If reading <a target="_blank" href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/this">this article</a> looks daunting,
    then choose to use either <NormalCode>bot</NormalCode> or <NormalCode>thisBot</NormalCode>.
</Alert>

#### Examples:

1. Set the current bot's color to "green".
```typescript
thisBot.tags.color = "green";
```

2. Whisper to the "myShout" tag on this bot.
```typescript
whisper(thisBot, "myShout");
```

### `that`

The data which was included in a shout or whisper. It is also known as an "argument".
It can be any [kind of JavaScript data](https://javascript.info/types).
This includes strings, numbers, booleans, objects (Bots, arrays, etc.) and more.

Most listen tags specify what kind of data `that` is.
Usually it is an object that contains properties which describe the action in further detail.

#### Examples:

1. The <TagLink tag='@onAnyBotClicked'/> listen tag specifies the bot which was clicked.
You could set the clicked bot's color to "green" using a tag mask.
```typescript
that.bot.masks.color = "green";
```

2. The <TagLink tag='@onBarcodeScanned'/> listen tag only specifies the barcode string which was scanned.
You could toast it like this:
```typescript
os.toast(that);
```

3. You can include your own `that` variable when you shout or whisper to other bots.

First you have to have a script which sends the shout and argument.
```typescript
// In a normal listener like @onClick
const myThatObject = {
    message: "This is a custom message which I am including in the shout"
};
shout("myShout", myThatObject);
```

Second you have to have a listener for your shout.
```typescript
// Put this in @myShout
os.toast(that.message);
```

### `tagName`

The name of the tag that this listener is defined in.
This can be useful when you want to copy a listener between different tags
but still want to be able to tell which is which.

#### Examples:

1. Toast the current tag name.
```typescript
os.toast('Current tag ' + tagName);
```

### `tags`

The tags object of [`thisBot`](#thisBot).
Essentially a shortcut for `thisBot.tags`.

#### Examples: 

1. Set the current bot's color to "green".
```typescript
tags.color = "green";
```

2. Delete the `myNumber` tag.
```typescript
delete tags.myNumber;
```

3. Get a tag by a variable name.
```typescript
tags.myTag = '123';
let tagToGet = 'myTag';
let myTagValue = tags[tagToGet];

// toasts "Type is number"
os.toast("Type is " + typeof myTagValue);
```

### `raw`

The "raw tags" object of [`thisBot`](#thisBot).
Essentially a shortcut for `thisBot.raw`.

Whereas the tags variable will convert strings to numerical or boolean values,
the raw variable provides the exact value that was stored.
This can be useful for copying because you can ensure that everything will be what it was originally.

1. Set the current bot's color to "green".
```typescript
raw.color = "green";
```

2. Delete the `myNumber` tag.
```typescript
delete raw.myNumber;
```

3. Get a tag by a variable name.
```typescript
tags.myTag = '123';
let tagToGet = 'myTag';
let myTagValue = raw[tagToGet];

// toasts "Type is string"
os.toast("Type is " + typeof myTagValue);
```

### `creatorBot`

The bot that is set as the <TagLink tag='creator'/> of [`thisBot`](#thisBot).
Essentially a shortcut for `getBot('creator', tags.creator)`.

If there is no creator then `creatorBot` will be null.

#### Examples:

1. Check if `thisBot` has a creator.
```typescript
const hasCreator = !!creatorBot;
```

2. Whisper to the creator bot.
```typescript
whisper(creatorBot, 'myWhisper');
```

### `configBot`

The bot that configures the current browsing session.
This used to be called the "player bot" but was renamed to `configBot` to better indicate what it is used for.

You can find the list of tags that CasualOS uses for the configBot [here](./tags.mdx#config-bot-tags).

#### Examples:

1. Set the `sheetPortal` to "home".
```typescript
configBot.tags.sheetPortal = "home";
```

2. Set the `gridPortal` to "myDimension".
```typescript
configBot.tags.gridPortal = "myDimension";
```

### `gridPortalBot`

The bot that is used to configure the <TagLink tag='gridPortal'>grid portal</TagLink>.
By default this is a `tempLocal` bot that is generated automatically.

Supports the following tags:

- <TagLink tag='portalColor'/>
- <TagLink tag='portalLocked'/>
- <TagLink tag='portalPannable'/>
- <TagLink tag='portalPannableMinX'/>
- <TagLink tag='portalPannableMaxX'/>
- <TagLink tag='portalPannableMinY'/>
- <TagLink tag='portalPannableMaxY'/>
- <TagLink tag='portalRotatable'/>
- <TagLink tag='portalCameraRotationX'/>
- <TagLink tag='portalCameraRotationY'/>
- <TagLink tag='portalZoomable'/>
- <TagLink tag='portalGridScale'/>
- <TagLink tag='portalSurfaceScale'/>
- <TagLink tag='portalShowFocusPoint'/>
- <TagLink tag='portalDisableCanvasTransparency'/>

#### Examples:

1. Set the grid portal color to "blue".
```typescript
gridPortalBot.tags.portalColor = "blue";
```

### `sheetPortalBot`

The bot that should be used to configure the <TagLink tag='sheetPortal'>sheet portal</TagLink>.

### `miniPortalBot`

The bot that should be used to configure the <TagLink tag='miniPortal'>mini portal</TagLink>.

Supports the following tags:

- <TagLink tag='portalColor'/>
- <TagLink tag='portalLocked'/>
- <TagLink tag='portalPannable'/>
- <TagLink tag='portalPannableMinX'/>
- <TagLink tag='portalPannableMaxX'/>
- <TagLink tag='portalPannableMinY'/>
- <TagLink tag='portalPannableMaxY'/>
- <TagLink tag='portalRotatable'/>
- <TagLink tag='portalCameraRotationX'/>
- <TagLink tag='portalCameraRotationY'/>
- <TagLink tag='portalZoomable'/>
- <TagLink tag='portalGridScale'/>
- <TagLink tag='portalSurfaceScale'/>
- <TagLink tag='miniPortalHeight'/>
- <TagLink tag='miniPortalResizable'/>

### `mapPortalBot`

The bot that should be used to configure the <TagLink tag='mapPortal'>map portal</TagLink>.

Supports the following tags:

- <TagLink tag='mapPortalBasemap'/>

### `menuPortalBot`

The bot that should be used to configure the <TagLink tag='menuPortal'>menu portal</TagLink>.

Supports the following tags:

- <TagLink tag='menuPortalStyle'/>

### `leftWristPortalBot`

The bot that should be used to configure the <TagLink tag='leftWristPortal'>left wrist portal</TagLink>.

Supports the following tags:

- <TagLink tag='portalGridScale'/>
- <TagLink tag='portalSurfaceScale'/>
- <TagLink tag='wristPortalHeight'/>
- <TagLink tag='wristPortalWidth'/>

### `rightWristPortalBot`

The bot that should be used to configure the <TagLink tag='rightWristPortal'>right wrist portal</TagLink>.

Supports the following tags:

- <TagLink tag='portalGridScale'/>
- <TagLink tag='portalSurfaceScale'/>
- <TagLink tag='wristPortalHeight'/>
- <TagLink tag='wristPortalWidth'/>

### `meetPortalBot`

The bot that should be used to configure the <TagLink tag='meetPortal'>meet portal</TagLink>.

Supports the following tags:

- <TagLink tag='meetPortalVisible'/>
- <TagLink tag='meetPortalAnchorPoint'/>
- <TagLink tag='meetPortalStyle'/>
