src/aux-auth/README.md, before:

# Aux Auth

A project that is able to provide a basic Login system for CasualOS.

### Building and Deploying

To build, simply run `npm run build`.

To deploy this project to AWS Lambda, follow these steps:

1. Setup a CodeBuild pipeline that points to [`.aws/auth.buildspec.yml`](../../.aws/auth.buildspec.yml).
2. Specify the following environment variables:
    - `STACK_NAME` - The name of the CloudFormation stack that should be created/used.
    - `S3_BUCKET` - The S3 bucket that the static HTML/CSS/JS should be deployed to. The CodeBuild pipeline needs to have write access to the specified bucket.
    - `LAMBDA_S3_BUCKET` - The S3 bucket that the the Lambda scripts should be packaged and deployed to. The CodeBuild pipeline needs to have write access to the specified bucket.
    - `CLOUDFRONT_DISTRIBUTION` - The Distribution ID on CloudFront that should be invalidated. This CloudFront Distribution should point to `S3_BUCKET`.
    - `AUTH_API_ENDPOINT` - The HTTPS Origin that the auth site should try to access. This should be the endpoint of the API Gateway that the lambda functions are behind. (Defaults to `https://api.casualos.me`)
    - `ALLOWED_CHILD_ORIGINS` - The HTTP Origins that the auth site can be loaded from. Used to limit the websites that can interface with the Auth Site via iframe. (Defaults to `http://localhost:3000 https://casualos.com https://static.casualos.com https://alpha.casualos.com https://stable.casualos.com`)
    - `MAGIC_API_KEY` - The publishable API Key that should be used to access the [Magic](https://magic.link) API.
    - `MAGIC_SECRET_KEY` - The Secret Key that should be used to access the [Magic](https://magic.link) API.
    - `REDIS_PORT` - The port of the redis instance that should be used to save temporary records.
    - `REDIS_HOST` - The host of the redis instance.
    - `REDIS_USE_TLS` - Whether TLS should be used to connect to redis.
    - `REDIS_PASSWORD` - The password that should be used to connect to redis.
    - `REDIS_RECORDS_NAMESPACE` - The key prefix that records should be stored under in redis.
3. Run a build.
4. After the build, go to CloudFormation and find the stack update.
    - Review the changes to ensure that they are correct and then execute the stack update.

Commit message:

feat: Add the ability to manually allow additional HTTP Origins for the Records API

src/aux-auth/README.md, after:

# Aux Auth

A project that is able to provide a basic Login system for CasualOS.

### Building and Deploying

To build, simply run `npm run build`.

To deploy this project to AWS Lambda, follow these steps:

1. Setup a CodeBuild pipeline that points to [`.aws/auth.buildspec.yml`](../../.aws/auth.buildspec.yml).
2. Specify the following environment variables:
    - `STACK_NAME` - The name of the CloudFormation stack that should be created/used.
    - `S3_BUCKET` - The S3 bucket that the static HTML/CSS/JS should be deployed to. The CodeBuild pipeline needs to have write access to the specified bucket.
    - `LAMBDA_S3_BUCKET` - The S3 bucket that the the Lambda scripts should be packaged and deployed to. The CodeBuild pipeline needs to have write access to the specified bucket.
    - `CLOUDFRONT_DISTRIBUTION` - The Distribution ID on CloudFront that should be invalidated. This CloudFront Distribution should point to `S3_BUCKET`.
    - `AUTH_API_ENDPOINT` - The HTTPS Origin that the auth site should try to access. This should be the endpoint of the API Gateway that the lambda functions are behind. (Defaults to `https://api.casualos.me`)
    - `ALLOWED_CHILD_ORIGINS` - The HTTP Origins that the auth site can be loaded from. Used to limit the websites that can interface with the Auth Site via iframe. (Defaults to `http://localhost:3000 https://casualos.com https://static.casualos.com https://alpha.casualos.com https://stable.casualos.com`)
    - `ALLOWED_API_ORIGINS` - The HTTP Origins that the Records API can be used from. Used to limit the websites that can publish data to records. Should be a space-separated list of HTTP(S) origins. (Always includes `http://localhost:3000 http://localhost:3002 http://player.localhost:3000 https://casualos.com https://casualos.me https://ab1.link https://publicos.com https://alpha.casualos.com https://static.casualos.com https://stable.casualos.com`)
    - `MAGIC_API_KEY` - The publishable API Key that should be used to access the [Magic](https://magic.link) API.
    - `MAGIC_SECRET_KEY` - The Secret Key that should be used to access the [Magic](https://magic.link) API.
    - `REDIS_PORT` - The port of the redis instance that should be used to save temporary records.
    - `REDIS_HOST` - The host of the redis instance.
    - `REDIS_USE_TLS` - Whether TLS should be used to connect to redis.
    - `REDIS_PASSWORD` - The password that should be used to connect to redis.
    - `REDIS_RECORDS_NAMESPACE` - The key prefix that records should be stored under in redis.
3. Run a build.
4. After the build, go to CloudFormation and find the stack update.
    - Review the changes to ensure that they are correct and then execute the stack update.
